Usage guide for jMakeOdf
------------------------

jMakeOdf is a command line based tool designed to help with ODF (organ 
definiton file) creation for usage with the virtual pipe organ software 
GrandOrgue. The software is released under a MIT license.

To have any benefit of this software you also need

- to have java (runtime environment) installed on your computer
- a source of samples
- a definition file that tell jMakeOdf how to create the ODF
- to not be afraid of running command line applications! :-)

Samples are expected to be .wav or .wv file types prepared for usage in a VPO
software (ie. include loops and release marker if not percussive). The program
can load multiple attacks/releases with the limitation that extra attacks 
should be located in the same folder as the main attack, extra releases in
subfolders (often named rel_XXXX where X is numbers like 0250 that indicate
what key press time is used together with this release. The samples themselves
should be named with the MIDI keycode preceding the note name like 036-C.wav
to enable the software to sort them correctly. Extra attacks (or additional
releases beyond the first) are best named like 036-C_2.wav or similar. For
auto detection of tremulant samples they should be placed inside the main
stop/rank folder in a subfolder with the word "trem" in the name.

The definition file should be placed in the same folder as where you want the
final ODF file created. Also for ease of usage it's recommended that you 
actually copy the program file (jMakeOdf.jar) to the same location and start
it with:

java -jar jMakeOdf.jar definitionFile

The reason for this is that the program must be run in the same directory as
where the ODF file eventually will be placed. (There are ways to workaround
this inconvenience but I don't deal with them here)

The definition file can be named any way you like, but it's a simple text file.
The order of appearance of the different lines is important but some parts can
be repeated as many times as needed to give all the correct information to the
software.

Included with this program is a definition_example.txt file that try to explain
the lines and what they do. * is treated like a comment and is stripped away as
is all whitespace characters before or after the text part of the line.

2014-03-17